Follow my master and apprentice Chang
Those who rebel against my master and apprentice die
Here's what I mean.
I, Jiang Tianye
Congratulations to the ancestors of Situ
Willing to send cash 100 million
Golden Kirin a pair of 50% shares in all industries to support the family
The Jiang family is willing to become a subordinate family of the Situ family
Forever submit to the Situ family
I, Li Datong, am also willing to be loyal to the Situ family
Willing to contribute 50% of the Li family shares
A pair of jadeite bracelets
30 Virgin Aluminum Spectrum
Hahahahaha
Hahahaha good
You two know the times
This is the medicinal pill refined by the old man during his cultivation
Bless you both
Trough Current
from the inside out
Nourish innate
Well, it's really refreshing to circulate your limbs.
Thank you ancestors for taking medicine
If this pill is taken for a long time, it will naturally prolong life
The living and the dead enter the bones
But once the drug is stopped
Must endure endless suffering
You are willing to submit
I am willing to surrender
Hahaha good very good
Chen Beixuan, a junior of the Chen family
I'm here to ask Mr. Situ not to die